Son-in-law, do you know my Gini?
His bad behavior has nothing to do with Xin'er
I'm going to kill Xin'er as soon as I come back.
As a result, it hurts others
Right
Did my sister tell you that I did it?
She likes to lie since she was a child
I don't like to try
You are enough
Xia Ruyan didn't say anything at all
How is that possible?
She told you something completely different
What are you two doing?
Xiaoxin'er, do you still have the face to come?
Xiner is your sister
How do you talk to him?
Alright Yonghua
If you are not sensible, don't bother with him.
Let's talk about getting married as you wish
What marriage?
Your aunt found you a marriage
You pack up and leave the hospital with me to see Mr. Li
Be well-behaved after marriage
Are you worthy to be my father?